Let's do the cantabile for the teeth by saying yes What do you teach today?
Today is about the relationship between the piano and the song structure Why does the piano perform the song with one instrument
Impossible only'm to plump copy a song is or certainly guitar It is a story of what can play
I played the piano in an easy-to-understand manner, so please take a look at that one shot
I'm taking a bit of a mistake, but let's see it without worrying
Please pay attention there because we pull overlapping the sound
At first it is the bass sound that becomes the foundation of the song
That's the base charge if referred to in the band
Hmm
Melody enters here
If it says in a band, it is a vocal
At this point I can express two instruments with one piano
Ah ah ah ah
Make the chord progression clear by turning the left hand on
It's a guitar player
And make the foil clear by putting rhythm on the base
If it says in the band, the bass and the drum are doing it
At this point all the instruments of the band can be expressed with one piano
ni
And if you add an arrangement like a piano to this
me
car
Ah ah ah ah
goo
It seems like this is how you can play various songs with one piano
Useless if the underlying piano's gonna be jammed to the very hard piano music does not practice
Did you understand the importance of the piano this time by saying so ?
There is nothing to do next time, so I will look for news
Well then everyone
I will enjoy the music next time